only tt_content is used as standard (#736)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Reference-Typoscript: Documentation/TopLevelObjects/Other.rst

.. index:: Top-level objects; tt_content
.. _tlo-tt:
.. _tlo-tt_content:

==========
tt_content
==========

> ``tt_content``,  (from “content (default)”) is used to render content from tt_content or other tables

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The top level keyword :typoscript:`tt_content`, is used to render content from the table :sql:`tt_content`
```
